Nine months ago, i very clearly remember knocking on the door to your house. I remember the moment i met you. I remember the conversation we had and how i got to know you for that brief evening. its funny to think how long it has really been since i first met you and how much my life would change upon meeting you. Julie, i wanted to make this letter for you because i want to show you how much i appreciate you :).

I remember, when we properly interacted again after we met for the first time, that time you alister and fleur went to summit for an evening climbing session. i remember helping you to climb that night. who knew that evening would be the start of our strong friendship. I remember even from the start i could very clearly seen you are a very kind person. you have always given off a truly comforting atmosphere, an atmosphere that makes another person feel safe, an atmosphere that allows others to feel happy and feel like they can be themselves around you. that is a truly admirable trait to have.

later, on our trip to portland. i remember geting to know you that day and spending time with you. i started to see that i was completely correct about your kindhearted nature; i saw how genuine you are, how selfless you are, how kind you are. i also saw how alister treated you, and i couldnt understand how he could ever treat someone as kind as you like that, someone he supposedly cared for. that was when i truly started to lose the respect i once had for him. ever since then i have understood the kind of person he is and i know he isnt a good man. i feel bad for you, for having to put up with everything that he has put you through. you truly dont deserve it. you are a truly amazing person julie, and unfortunately you dont see what i see. 

when i see you julie, i see so many traits that i dont know if you can see, i want to bring to light every amazing part of you.
julie, when i look at you i see someone who is incredibly kind, you always try and bring people together, and ensure others are included, you try and ensure that everyone is comfortable and has no worries about the situation they are in. i distinctly remember one case. i remember when i was stressing about my own identity, and you offered to talk to me and ensure that i was okay that day. you took time out of your day to talk to me ensure i was okay and not stressing. i cannot put into words how grateful i was for you.
when i am with you i feel incredibly comfortable. i feel as if everything is going to be okay, like everything in the world will be alright, that all the things sressing me out will go away. i feel at peace, you bring others peace. you allow others to feel safe. you make every room warmer by being there and being present.
you truly listen to what others say. whenever i have spoken to because i am worried about something silly there hasnt been a moment where i felt like you werent actually present in the conversation. you listen to what others say, and understand them, and help them where you can. its an incredible aspect of you, i know that i will always have someone who i can talk to and that you will always listen to me.
following off from that point, you remember things others tell you! it may seem like somthing small, but in reality it really means a lot. when i talk to you i always feel like you genuinely because you remember the small, inconsequential things, the things that other people dont really think about you remember. you always make me feel understood and seen.
another thing that ive noticed is you are very very intelligent. i dont truly know if you deep down understand how intelligent you are but its obvious to me. i know you will want to fight me on this but hear what im saying. ive noticed a lot of things that i really think make you intelligent. ive noticed how you talk about a subject that you are really passionate about, you try and explain it to others that will listen and going off of that when you do explain things you explain things very well and are very good at helping others understand who have never done any research into the subject in the past. take me as an example, someone who has never learnt any vetmed and i could remember what you taught me about uroliths and their formation.

Julie, generally im a very untrusting person, i have let very very few people past my defences in the past because i was scared of what they would do, what they would say when they saw who i am, what they would think when my defences were lowered and if they would try and hurt me in some way for their own gain. and it seems you are one of the only people who has made me feel comfortable enough to get me to truly lower my guard and this has all happened because of how amazing of a person you are. julie, you are one of the only people i have truly allowed to see who i am as a person. thank you for not running away or using it against me. 

i know im not perfect. i know i have stresses and anxieties. i know i have periods where i get stuck in my head and cant escape. i know i am kind of stupid at times. there is nobody in life that is perfect, life is full of ups and downs, all we can do is move forward and hope for the best. but thank you for putting up with me all those times. i cannot truly tell you what it means to me to know that i can trust you.

the universe came into existence about 14 billion years ago. humanity only first started to walk the earth about 200,000 years ago. our recorded history can only be traced back about 5,000 years ago. our small pocket of existence, every living person that we could have ever heard about or learnt about exists within less than a hundred thousandth of a percentage of the universes total existence. how many uncountable number of humans have lived? how many people will ever have existed, only to follow the everpresent certainty that is death? and yet, none yet, you and i are still here, we are alive. there are a near infinite differet combinations that could occur in the genome sequence that could cause one person to be born a completely different person. and yet you and i were born and are alive at the same time and had the chance to meet in this life, despite the absurdity of this universe we live in we met. isnt that incredible.

us meeting, at this time, in this existence. i find it extroadinarily lucky to know you. when the chances of existence being so slim, what would life be like if we had never met. 

sometimes i think back to a conversation we had. the date was the 9th may. im not sure if you remember exactly what the occassion was. in case you dont know that was the day of gradsport.

i remember our conversation about alister, i remember how you spoke about you dont know if you should have trusted him and were worried about how things may be. about how you thought you seemed to trust the wrong people. i think back to that conversation every now and then, and i want you to understand something. i want you to know that i truly appreciate you. i will always care for you. no matter what happens in life or where life takes either of us as long as you want me to be i will not go anywhere and will remain by your side. :)

ps, i hope this made you smile even a little bit. im not very good at writing letters :)

by your side, Apple Sourz guy